Effective: March 11, 2025
At X.AI LLC ("xAI", "our", "us" or "we"), we value your privacy and are committed to being fair, accountable, and transparent in how we handle your personal information. Our Privacy Policy outlines how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information when you use our websites and applications (the Grok mobile app (iOS or Android) or the Grok.com website), and other xAI services (our "Service"). It also describes your privacy rights.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to data that we process on behalf of customers of our business offerings, such as the xAI API, or to any employment-related personal information processed in consideration of employment with xAI. This Privacy Policy also does not apply if you access our Service through a third-party’s service. In that case, the third-party’s privacy policy would apply. For example, your use of X (previously Twitter), including use of Grok on the X platform, is governed by the X Privacy Policy and X Terms, not this xAI Privacy Policy.
For individuals in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland (collectively, “Europe”), for Europe-specific additional information not already discussed on this page, please see xAI’s Europe Privacy Policy Addendum.
xAI is a US-based company working on building artificial intelligence tools to accelerate human scientific discovery. We are guided by our mission to advance our collective understanding of the universe. As part of our mission, we have developed “Grok,” a conversational generative AI powered by xAI’s large language models. More information about xAI’s development and training of Grok and data controls is available in our Consumer FAQs, Enterprise FAQs, and xAI website. Please note that xAI is a separate company from X Corp ("X", previously Twitter).
We may collect personal information from you and about you. Some examples of the information we may collect, how we may collect it, how we may use it, and how we may disclose it are described below. Please note that we do not sell personal information or share personal information for targeted or cross-contextual advertising purposes.
Account Data: If you create an account with us, we collect your name, contact information, account credentials, and date of birth. Also, if to access certain features of the Service and you have not set up an account, we will collect your date of birthbefore you may proceed. If you log into our Service using a third-party service, such as X, Google or Apple, that third-party will send your information to us at your direction. For example, if you use your existing X credentials to log into an xAI mobile app or website, you may choose to direct X to share the following information with us: your X public profile, X username, numeric X ID, your age, whether you are subscribed to X Premium, and your Grok on X conversation history.
Payment Data: Where payment is required to access the Service (ex., if you are paying for a subscription), we may have a third-party process payment information, such as payment card information, and details regarding your transactions for us.
Communication Data: If you communicate with us, such as by email, by our webpages, or on social media sites, we may collect personal information that you submit to us including your name, user name, email address, any other information you voluntarily choose to provide us, and the contents of messages you send.
User Content: You may provide personal information in prompts and other content you upload, such as files, images, audio, video, and other material (“Input”). Outputs of the Service (“Output”), including responses Grok generates, are based on your Input (together, "User Content"). If you include personal information in Inputs you provide to the Service, this information may be reproduced in the Output. We ask that you do NOT include personal information in your Inputs; however, we cannot control what you provide to us.
Feedback Data: Where applicable, we will collect your Feedback (as defined in our Terms of Service). This might arise if, for example, in a given conversation with Grok, you rate an Output using the thumbs-up/thumbs-down icons.
Social Media Information: We have pages on social media sites like Instagram, Facebook, Medium, X, YouTube and LinkedIn. When you interact with our social media pages, we collect personal information that you choose to provide to us. In addition, the companies that host our social media pages may provide us with aggregate information and analytics about our social media activity.
Technical Data: Technical data includes information such as your IP address, device type, country from which you access, analytics information, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, and operating system. This may also include information about your use of the Service and how you interact with the Service, including the types of content you view or engage with, the features you use, pages you view and your Grok conversation history.
Location data: We may determine the general area from which your device accesses our Services based on information like its IP address. Also, you may choose to provide more precise location information, such as your device’s GPS location or from third-party services that you use. We obtain your consent prior to collecting precise location information.
Publicly Available Data: We use information that is publicly available on the internet to train our models. While we do not intentionally seek out personal information, we understand that there is personal information incidentally included in these datasets. For more information on the sources of information used to develop our large language models, see our Consumer FAQs.
Public X Posts and Internet Search Data: The Service uses public posts shared on X, engagement data such as number of followers, and number of views, likes, reposts, shares, and replies and internet search results. In some instances, this data may include personal information.
We do not aim to collect sensitive personal information (ex., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometric data, criminal background, or trade union membership) and ask that you do not provide us with any such information. In addition, in relation to Grok's training, xAI does not process training data for the purposes of inferring or deriving any sensitive or special category data about individuals and we do not actively seek out data sources that include sensitive or special category data.
We may use your personal information for a variety of purposes. Below, you will find examples and additional information regarding how we may use your personal information.
We may also aggregate or de-identify your information so that it no longer identifies you and use this information for the purposes described above, such as to analyze the way our Service is being used, to improve and add features to them, and to conduct research. We will maintain and use de-identified information in de-identified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information, unless required by law.
We may disclose your personal information to others. Below, you will find examples and additional information regarding how we may disclose your personal information.
We retain your personal information where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so. In certain circumstances, we will retain your information for legal reasons after our contractual relationship has ended. The specific retention periods depend on the nature of the information and why it is collected and processed and the nature of the legal requirement. For example, we may retain your personal information:
The length of time we retain data may depend on the features or settings you use. For example, Grok Temporary Chats will not show in your conversation history and your conversations will be deleted from xAI systems within 30 days unless it is necessary that they be kept longer for legal, compliance, or safety purposes. Further, if you delete any or all of your conversations or if you delete your account, we will delete the data within 30 days unless it is necessary to retain the data for legal, compliance, or safety purposes.
We do not collect and use your personal information for marketing purposes and do not share your personal information with third-parties for the purpose of marketing.
xAI implements commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and organizational measures designed to protect personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no security measure or method of data transmission over the internet is 100% secure. In addition, you are solely responsible for protecting your log-in and password, limiting access to your devices, and signing out of websites and accounts after your sessions.
Our Service may contain links to external websites or social media platforms that are not operated by us. Third-party websites and services have their own terms and conditions and privacy policies, and you should read these carefully before you submit any personal information to them.
As noted in the Terms of Service, our Service is not directed at children or minors under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from them. While we have taken measures to limit undesirable training data and outputs, Grok could produce output that is not appropriate for all ages. Parents of teenagers between the ages of 13 and 17 years old must agree to the Terms of Service and are urged to exercise care in monitoring the use of this Service by their teenagers. Depending on how a user interacts with the Service, including which modes the user purposely selects, the Service may have content such as some suggestive dialogue, coarse language, crude humor, sexual situations, or violence. If you are a child under the age of 13, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use our Service. Please contact us here if you are aware that we may have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under the age of 13.
Depending on where you are located and subject to applicable legal exceptions, you may have certain rights in relation to your personal information. For information on the privacy rights that may be available to you under European privacy laws, please review xAI’s Europe Privacy Policy Addendum.
Exercising your rights: Some of these rights may be exercised in the xAI Service but for others you will need to submit a request at https://privacy.x.ai/ and include your full legal name, email address, user name, X user handle (if applicable), and physical address. Once you have submitted your request, we will respond within the time frame permitted by applicable privacy laws.
Please note, however, that your personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, for example if we need to keep using your information to comply with our own legal obligations or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. If an exception applies, we will inform you when responding to your request.
Verification: In order to protect your personal information, your ability to exercise some of the rights detailed in this Privacy Policy may be subject to your ability to verify that you are the person about whom your request pertains. For example, we may require you to verify your identity by validating your account credentials or submitting additional information to allow us to verify your identity.
Authorized Agents: To exercise your rights using an Authorized Agent (as defined under applicable law), you must provide your Authorized Agent with written permission to exercise your rights on your behalf, and we may request a copy of this written permission from your Authorized Agent when they make a request on your behalf. We reserve the right to deny a request from an Authorized Agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
Appeals: If we refuse to take action on a request within a reasonable period of time after receiving your request, you may appeal our decision via https://privacy.x.ai/. In such an appeal, you must (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom the original request pertains and to identify the original request, and (2) provide a description of the basis of your appeal. Please note that your appeal will be subject to your rights and obligations afforded to you under applicable law. We respond to all appeal requests as soon as we reasonably can, and no later than legally required.
For more information on your rights with respect to data we use to train our models, please read our Consumer FAQs.
Do Not Track: Please note that because the effect of "Do Not Track" signals remains unclear, and because there continues to be no consistent industry understanding of how to respond to such a signal, we do not alter our privacy practices when we detect a "Do Not Track" signal from your browser.
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will publish an updated version and effective date on this page, unless another type of notice is required by applicable law. If you use the Service after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, all of the changes made will apply to your use of the Service.
If you have any queries or complaints about our collection, use, or storage of your personal information, or if you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal information, please contact us at https://privacy.x.ai/ or by the following contact details:
x.AI LLC, https://privacy.x.ai/
Lionheart Squared Limited, FAO x.ai, 17 Glasshouse Studios, Fryern Court Road, Fordingbridge, Hampshire, SP6 1QX United Kingdom xai@lionheartsquared.co.uk
Lionheart Squared (Europe) Ltd, FAO x.ai, 2 Pembroke House, Upper Pembroke Street 28-32, Dublin, D02 EK84, Republic of Ireland xai@lionheartsquared.eu
Lionheart Squared Switzerland SarL, FAO x.ai, Blvd George Favon 43, CH-1204 Geneva, Switzerland xai@lionheartsquared.ch
You can contact our Data Protection Officer: Taceo Limited, Riverbank House, 2 Swan Lane, London EC4R 3TT
