This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, store, protect, and share your personal information through our services. If you reside in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Discord Netherlands BV is the “data controller” of your personal information collected through the services (as defined in our Terms of Service). For everyone else, Discord Inc. is the data controller. It’s important that you read this entire policy, but here’s a summary to get you started:
Discord enables you to build meaningful connections around the joy of playing games through voice, video, and text features. Whether you’re part of a club, gaming group, or just a handful of friends that want to spend time together, Discord makes it easy to connect with friends.
Our “services” has the same meaning as defined in the Terms of Service. They include the Discord app, which can be accessed on mobile, web, desktop, console, or even a connected home appliance—any device with a web browser and internet connection. We also have a website, blog, and support center, and we may collect your information through other means like surveys, emails, and social media. If we build another product, our services include that too.
As explained in our Terms of Service, we allow users to add content to the services in a number of different ways, including via direct messages and in smaller and larger spaces. If you share content within larger spaces, that content may be accessed by many people, including people you do not know. For example, some servers are available in the Server Discovery section of the app and do not require an invite link to join. Other server owners may publish their server invite link on public websites. Anyone can access these servers, and you should be aware that server owners or admins set these permissions, and like the size of a server, the permissions may change over time.
We may also use content posted in larger spaces to help us develop, improve, and power our services, including features that help you catch up on conversations and safety features that identify harmful content on the services and support the enforcement of our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines. These things are important to us, and we believe they will make Discord even better for our users. We will always try to let you know the type of space you are in (although we don’t control where invite links are shared or the permissions for that server). You can limit the extent to which your content is used for these purposes as described in the “How to control your privacy” section below. You can learn more about our approach to safety and content moderation, including how we use your information for these purposes, in our Safety Center. You should take all of this into account when you are using our services, and choose the spaces, features, and settings that are most appropriate for your content.
We don’t make money from selling your personal information to third parties. Our business is funded through subscriptions, paid products, and sponsored content (like Quests and other sponsored formats).
We collect certain information when you use Discord. This includes information you provide to us, information we collect automatically, and information we receive from other sources.
We also collect information automatically from you when you use Discord. This includes:
We may receive information from cookies (small text files placed on your computer or device) and similar technologies. You can find out more about Discord’s cookie usage and how you can manage your cookie permissions in our Cookie Policy.
We may receive information about you from other sources, including from other users and third parties, and combine that information with the other information we have about you. For example, if you interact with our social media account on another platform, we may receive certain information about you like your username on that platform. Similarly, when we advertise on other services, we may receive information about your engagement with those ads. We may also receive information about you from advertisers and third-party data providers, such as demographic information and how you engage with other products and services outside of Discord.
Under certain data protection laws like GDPR, companies must have a “legal basis”—a valid reason—to process personal information. Discord relies on different legal bases to process your information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We use the Information We Collect—Account information, Content you create, Payment information, Information from actions you take, Information used to enable optional features, Other information you provide directly to us, Information about your device, Information about your use of the apps or websites, other information that we collect automatically, and Information we receive from other sources—for the following reasons and according to these legal bases (where applicable). For each reason, we describe how we process your information to achieve each purpose. This processing can include use of automated technologies such as machine learning systems that help us power and improve our services. In certain jurisdictions, we rely on consent (implied or express) to collect, use and disclose personal information, subject to limited exceptions. As a result, the legal bases below may not apply to you. Please see Information About Local Privacy Laws page located here.
To fulfill our contract with you
For our legitimate business interests
To comply with our legal obligations
We retain and use your information in connection with potential legal claims when necessary and for compliance, regulatory, and auditing purposes. For example, we retain information where we are required by law or if we are compelled to do so by a court order or regulatory body. Also, when you exercise any of your applicable legal rights to access, amend, or delete your personal information, we may request additional information from you for the purpose of confirming your identity.
With your consent
We may also collect and use personal information with your consent, such as to send you marketing communications and personalize sponsored content where legally required. You can revoke your consent at any time (mostly through our services directly), though note that you might not be able to use any service or feature that requires collection or use of that personal information.
To protect someone’s vital interests
We may collect or share personal data if we think someone’s life is in danger—for example, to help resolve an urgent medical situation.
We retain personal information until we determine it is no longer needed for the processing purposes for which we collected or retain it or for legal compliance. You can learn more about data retention periods in our data retention policy.
We take a number of steps to help protect your information. All information sent within our services is encrypted both in transit and at rest. For example, we use Transport Layer Security (“TLS”) to encrypt text and images in transit. We also enforce technical and administrative access controls to limit which of our employees and contractors have access to nonpublic personal information. Voice and video communications on Discord are designed to be end-to-end encrypted. You can verify that your calls are encrypted in the service. Learn more about Discord’s end-to-end encryption. You can help maintain the security of your account by configuring two-factor authentication.
We believe that users should be able to tailor their Discord experience to their preferences, including privacy. And while local laws may require different things, we believe that our users should have at least the same basic ability to shape their experience no matter where they are in the world. Here’s how you can control how we process your information, how to delete or correct certain information, and how to request access to your information. Users in certain places may have specific rights under their local laws. You can learn more about these in the Information About Local Privacy Laws page.
Be aware of the Discord spaces you choose to participate in
You can choose what spaces to participate in and what information you add to our services. You can choose what messages to send or post, who to engage with (e.g., one or more particular users or a potentially unlimited group of users), what information to include in your profile, whether to connect any third party services to your Discord account, and more. For example, if you share content in certain spaces, such as servers listed in Server Discovery or with public invite links, your content may be accessed by anyone.
Customize your personal Discord settings
We offer a number of settings that allow you to tailor your experience within Discord. Some of these relate to specific features: for example, you can choose whether to display your current activity (like the game you are playing or the music you are listening to) in your status in your User Settings page (this is the gear icon next to your username).
You can also access other privacy-related settings in your User Settings. For example, you can decide whether to filter potentially explicit content, who can add you as a friend, and more. This is also where you can limit certain types of processing of your information:
You can learn more about these and other privacy-related settings in our Help Center or in the User Settings menu within Discord. The default and availability of some of these settings may be different depending on factors like your age or location.
Disable or delete your account
You can disable or delete your account via the User Settings menu. Disabling your account stops the processing of new data, but allows you to reactivate your account without interruption to you. Deleting your account permanently deletes identifying information and anonymizes other data as described in our data retention policy. You can learn more about how to delete your account in this Help Center article and how to disable your account in this Help Center article.
Manage your content and servers
You may edit or delete specific pieces of information within the services:
Content may be retained by Discord for use as described elsewhere in this policy and in our data retention policy. Also, in limited circumstances, we may have a legal obligation to retain certain information, even if you delete the information or your account.
Access your information
If you want to see what information we have collected about you, you can request a copy of your data in the Data & Privacy section of your User Settings. You should receive your data packet within 30 days. Data is delivered in common digital formats, including JSON and any other file format you used when uploading attachments to the services. You can learn more about how to access your information in our Help Center.
We are based in the United States, and we process and store information on servers located in the United States. We may also store information on servers and equipment in other countries depending on a variety of factors, including the locations of our users and service providers. These data transfers allow us to provide our services to you. By accessing or using our services or otherwise providing information to us, you understand that your information will be processed, transferred, and stored in the U.S. and other countries, where different data protection standards may apply and/or you may not have the same rights as you do under local law.
When transferring data outside the EEA, we use standard contract clauses (Module 1 and Module 2), and we rely on the European Commission's adequacy decisions about certain countries, as applicable, or other legally compliant mechanisms or conditions for such data transfer.
Discord and its U.S. entities/subsidiaries (Backgammon Merger Sub II, LLC, Brazos Games, LLC, Discord International, Inc, Flames Sub LLC, and Sentropy Technologies Inc.) also comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks, as well as the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. If you have questions or complaints regarding our compliance with the Data Privacy Framework principles, please reach out to us at privacy@discord.com. If we do not resolve your complaint, you may submit your complaint in accordance with the section titled “Settling Disputes Between You and Discord” in our Terms of Service. Under certain conditions specified by the Data Privacy Framework principles, you may also be able to invoke binding arbitration to resolve your complaint. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain circumstances, we may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland, or the UK to a third party outside those countries.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Discord commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
For more information about the Data Privacy Framework principles and to view our certification, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework site.
In order to learn about the specific rights you may have regarding the international transfer of your personal data, please consult the relevant standard contract clauses or adequacy decisions or reach out to us at privacy@discord.com. The rights listed under 'Exercise your rights' will always apply, regardless of whether your data is transferred or not.
We allow third-party developers to build certain features or other services and offer them within the Discord services, or to incorporate certain Discord-powered features or functions into their services. For example, server administrators can add “bots” created by third-party developers that provide features like content moderation and interactive games. Similarly, you may have access to your Discord friends list or messaging capabilities in third-party games, or games or Activities built by third parties offered within the Discord services.
These third-party services need to follow all policies that apply to them (including often our Developer Terms of Service and Developer Policy). As part of these policies, we require developers to have a privacy policy that makes clear what they do with your information. Please review these privacy policies, as they describe what the third-party services may do with your information. We also require that certain popular apps apply for access to certain data. But because these services are operated by third parties, we don’t control them or what information they collect. It’s up to you whether to participate in a server or other space that uses apps, and whether to engage with third-party services in general.
You can contact Discord Netherlands BV’s Data Protection Officer at dpo@discord.com.
We’ve appointed VeraSafe as Discord’s representative in the United Kingdom for data protection matters, pursuant to Article 27 of the UK General Data Protection Regulation. See the section “Contact Us” below. You can contact VeraSafe only on matters related to the processing of personal data.
Certain local laws, such as the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Brazil’s Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD), and California’s Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), require services to provide information about the information they collect, how they use it, and the lawful basis for processing it. We’ve described most of that already in the earlier portions of this Policy, but you can find state and region specific information and disclosures here.
Exercising your rights: As described in the “How to control your privacy” section above, all our users have control over their information and can directly edit or delete information from their account and limit what data we process. If you are located in certain regions, including the European Union, you may have additional rights such as those listed below, and as outlined in the state and region specific information and disclosures that you can exercise through the Discord app directly or by contacting us:
If you have any questions about these rights or wish to exercise control over your information, please reach out to privacy@discord.com.
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We always indicate the date the last changes were published, and if changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice as required by law, such as by emailing you or highlighting the changes within the services.
Email us at privacy@discord.com with any questions about this Privacy Policy or how we process your information. We’ll be happy to help.
To contact Discord’s Data Protection Officer, please email dpo@discord.com.
You can also reach us by mail if you want. If you reside in the EEA, you can contact us at:
Discord Netherlands BV
ATTN: Privacy Policy
Schiphol Boulevard 195
1118 BG Schiphol,
Netherlands
If you reside anywhere else, you can contact us at:
Discord Inc.
ATTN: Privacy Policy
444 De Haro Street #200
San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.
If you reside in the United Kingdom, you can also contact VeraSafe, Discord’s appointed representative for data protection matters related to the processing of personal data, using this contact form: https://verasafe.com/public-resources/contact-data-protection-representative or via telephone at +420 228 881 031. VeraSafe’s mailing address is:
VeraSafe United Kingdom Ltd.
37 Albert Embankment
London SE1 7TL United Kingdom
